GraphQL-WS Example and better integration (#1111)
dotansimha/graphql-yoga: website/docs/features/subscriptions.mdx

data: {"data":{"countdown":0}}
```

> ## Enabling WebSockets instead with `graphql-ws`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Subscriptions over WebSockets with `graphql-ws`
```

> If you want to enable `graphql-ws` protocol support with GraphQL Yoga, we can easily integrate GraphQL Yoga and `graphql-ws` libraries by using the examples in [Envelop](https://envelop.dev) and [graphql-ws](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-ws) integration docs.
> To have the same execution pipeline in `graphql-ws`, we can use the **Envelop** instance from GraphQL Yoga like below in Node.JS.
> Also you can set `subscriptionsProtocol` in GraphiQL options to use WebSockets instead of Server Sent Events within GraphiQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose you want to enable `graphql-ws` protocol support with GraphQL Yoga. In that case, we can easily integrate GraphQL Yoga and `graphql-ws` libraries by using the examples in [Envelop](https://envelop.dev) and [graphql-ws](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-ws) integration docs.
To have the same execution pipeline in `graphql-ws`, we can use the **Envelop** instance from GraphQL Yoga like below in Node.JS.
Also, you can set `subscriptionsProtocol` in GraphiQL options to use WebSockets instead of Server-Sent Events within GraphiQL.
```
